API replace mean_squared_error(square=False) by root_mean_squared_error (#26734)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  when using a custom initialization. The default value of this parameter will change
  from `None` to `auto` in version 1.6.
  :pr:`26634` by :user:`Alexandre Landeau <AlexL>` and :user:`Alexandre Vigny <avigny>`.

  :mod:`sklearn.metrics`
...................
- |API| Added functions for root_mean_squared_error and root_mean_squared_log_error

>   :pr:`26734` by :user:`Alejandro Martin Gil <101AlexMartin>`.

Reviewer: The indentation is not correct

- |Fix| :func:`feature_selection.mutual_info_regression` now correctly computes the
  result when `X` is of integer dtype. :pr:`26748` by :user:`Yao Xiao <Charlie-XIAO>`.

:mod:`sklearn.metrics`
...................

> - |API| Added functions for root_mean_squared_error and root_mean_squared_log_error
>   :pr:`26734` by :user:`Alejandro Martin Gil <101AlexMartin>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- |API| The `squared` parameter of :func:`metrics.mean_squared_error` and
  :func:`metrics.mean_squared_log_error` is deprecated and will be removed in 1.6.
  Use the new functions :func:`metrics.root_mean_squared_error` and
  :func:`root_mean_squared_log_error` instead.
  :pr:`26734` by :user:`Alejandro Martin Gil <101AlexMartin>`.
```
